it's been a year since our friend
Patrick Swayze was diagnosed with
pancreatic cancer and with his new shows
the Beast starting next week he had him
sat down and talked to anybody except
for Al Barbara Walters and he talked to
her about the cancer that he has and I
was um I think about it's hard for and
so yeah I said yeah I need it well I
think most of you know that that that he
has had inoperable cancer and on this
this interview is going to be an hour
it's with Patrick and his wonderful wife
of 33 years us Lisa Niemi name is that
it's on this Thank You Joel welcome it's
on this Wednesday on ABC at ten o'clock
that this wednesday and he talks about
everything how it was discovered and how
they've gone through it and what his
prognosis is so on but one of the things
in it was the fact that even when this
was diagnosed he decided to do this
television show in which he's jumping
and shooting and so on and we asked you
on it why he felt he had to keep working
because you begin to think if you knew
that you had a terrible disease disease
yeah would you keep working or would you
say I'm going to stay home with my
horses i'm going to stay home with my
wife and children he kept working and in
the Indus special we asked you because
you'd work with him and ghost and he
chose you didn't he yes he did yeah what
I say why he kept what I like to look at
it again because I wanted to make sure
that I got it right now I said I think
that lie that work is life for us for
people like Patrick and people like
myself because I'm the same way as for
performance and actors I don't think he
could wait around and lay around waiting
for something to happen he needs to work
he needs to work for his own psyche and
that's what his greatest strong point is
he just keeps moving forward and I think
you know I think for myself it would be
the same thing I couldn't lay around
knowing what was happening I need to be
proactive and I think that working you
know for people i pads because Patrick
worked all the time
driving word all the time and I don't
think there is a better way to keep
yourself on an even keel than to do what
you love I think it that's interesting
you said I think it's all relative
because what you and Patrick do what we
do is very fulfilling to us and I think
if you have a person who work so i'll
say a secretarial job that's interesting
collecting tolls or collecting tolls i
think now for them you're you're sick i
think i got people in my family who if
they were diagnosed with something they
wouldn't want to work i think would be
more of i want to spend time doing the
things that i always want you to do I
want you don't be with if you're not
doing something that's fulfilling also
some people were cuz financially you
know we don't know what mr. Swayze's
finances are if he wants to try to amass
you'd want to do anything to distract
you from the fact that you're sick right
so whatever it is that can distract you
well also you know these it's the
annoying thing is is all the newspaper
articles and the magazine articles and
you know his new your death is it you
know you can't you can't have that
private moment to make those decisions
things about that would be does what did
what it means and what it does and we
talked to his doctors to what does it do
to you when the tabloids or somebody
else's he's got three days left five
weeks less self worth and his you'll see
his anger
you